{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"<strong>ELEGANCE Hair Salon</strong>\n•\tElegance Hair salon is based in the market town of Ledbury; it has been running since 2011. Ciaranne the owner had previously commissioned a designer to develop a website; this site no longer fits the business aspirations. I wanted this site to be interactive with Elegance’s social media sites and overall marketing strategy. The customer experience is important and needs to be quick and easy to use. The site needs to offer customers to purchase products and make online appointments.\nMy page\n•\tSix page website enables Elegance to take more advertising space on google; in-conjunction with raising their presence online. This is part of the market strategy and working with ‘google my business’.\n•\tFor my first milestone project I wanted to experiment with all the new knowledge I have gained through the Full Stack course. I have used HTML and Bootstrap to design the layout of the website. This is to provide functionality and a responsive design which sits in an HTML shell with added elements of CSS to add styling. When talking with the owner and the customers to their opinion on the development of the site has been the springboard to the website. The customer can book appointments, call the salon and buy products. The products list is an affiliate link for the owner.\nContents\n1. UX\n•\tProject Design\n•\tUser Objects\n•\tDevelopers Objects\n•\tUser Stories\n•\tWireframes\n•\tDeployment\n•\tTesting\n•\tAcknowledgements\n2. Site Features\n3. Technologies Used\n4. Testing\n5. Deployment\n6. Acknowledgements\n7. Disclaimer\nProject Design\n•\tThe website has been designed around the branding of the salon; they are in the process of developing this within their marketing strategy and the website is the launch of this. Keeping the website crisp and clean with call for action links has been the underpinning intention. The images have also been an important consideration as the salon has developed their knowledge and techniques and have not shared this formally.\nDesign\n•\tMy initial wireframe looked at a jumbotron which would be fixed at the top on all pages; yet as design started to develop this was changed. There is still at top call for action statement and button. My intentions were to show the knowledge and experience the salon can offer to customers and then with ease to contact them to follow this through. Within the salon experience they need to get traffic to contact so that they can convert into clients.\nColours\n•\tThe colour scheme was chosen by the owner yet there was some influence when I used the colour palette to have shades that complimented each other.\n•\tOriginally a consideration was for a full background images; this was changed as what is needed is for the images to speak for themselves and have the impact they deserve.\nImages\n•\tEach image used was specifically chosen to showcase that holiday. I chose the idea of images because you instantly know what's represented. whether it's bike riding or shark cage diving. Once an option was chosen, a shadowed grey filter covered the background, so the option chosen stands out at the forefront of the design. It was used to hide the background and add focus. As stated by their new strapline ’Setting the trend’; this has already been tested out as other salons are following their marketing strategy!\nStyling\n•\tHaving researched other clean, crisps sites; demonstrated having consistency across all pages builds trust and knowledge for user to enable them to surf further. Designers appreciate that there is data that says it is harder to engage users on your sit year by year we flick less; therefore, it is paramount users have an experience they are enjoying; gaining what they require swiftly.\n•\tLocation information has been offered through a link; maps can be distracting on a page.\n•\tThe hover option is on all buttons for ease for the user knowing where they are on the site.\n•\tThe home page has been designed so that when the salon develops Blogs on their ‘Google My Business’ and this can be linked through offering consistency and branding/promotion.\nFonts\n•\tFinding a crisp clean font that was recognised by google; Roboto and san serif were the main two. The logo is baldessare and this will be developed further when the salon have designed their logo. This will be used as image; as this font is not common across XXXX.\n•\tAs with other elements of the website I tested these out with owner and customer group.\nUX\n•\tInitially I drew my wireframe on paper.  I worked out the template I wanted across all the pages.\n•\tI detailed my ideas and then reflected on these prior to using balsamqi to have a digital version.\n•\tI already had many images as I have developed their ‘google my business’ site.\n•\tI also knew they were entering a competition so would have further images available yet were unsure what they would be like.\nProject Goals\n•\tThe six pages have been designed to offer the user the opportunity to gain information with ease and speed. The website has not been developed for the user to have to go through every page unless they wish to do so.\n•\tPlacing information on the site where a user knows from prior experience was important, so it felt familiar with the user.\nUser Objects\n•\tThe website has been designed as part of a marketing strategy for the salon to gain new customers; also to offer customers to buy products. \n•\tFor customers unsure what they want to achieve to have the opportunity to look at what the salon offers; then gain opportunity for consultation.\nWhat I wanted the user to gain:\n•\tRecognise the salon, especially staff\n•\tConsultation opportunity with an expert\n•\tInspired to feeling great with ideas\n•\tProduct information\n•\tImages to promote salon\n•\tOpportunity to buy products\n“Setting the Trend”:\n•\tThis strap line has been developed as part of the website; the development of Instagram has had impact locally. Other have been following suit and the website is to build upon this and continually having Elegance at the top of their game visually. Ledbury is a small market town and it is important for the business have a proactive marketing strategy online to gaining new clients.\nDevelopers Objectives\n•\tThe layout to be clean and informative so that navigation is easy.\n•\tCall to action to be subtle yet obvious.\n•\tThe structure of the programming to have clear structure.\n•\tThe layout is formatted in a way that the user can navigate around the site without frustration.\n•\tThe layout page applications are HTML, CSS, bootstrap (which includes some JQuery script).\nFuture plans\n•\tFuture plans would be adding FB likes links in the footer.\n•\tTo add FB pixel so that through google analytics can provide further information on statistic on site; this will enable the marketing strategy to continually develop and transform the salon. The website is key to this.\nUser Stories\n•\tThe main users are aged 18 and upwards however, their main client group is aged 40 plus:\n1.\tThe client group wanted a light, bright website as they felt the other was dull and not inspiring.\n2.\tThe six-page website has been used as a market strategy element to get as much advertising space as organically as the salon can.\nFor the user\n1.\tI want them to find the site practical, informative and inspiring. The website must give a clear element of professionalism and trust.\n2.\tSeparating the information on different pages allows the ease of information provided.\n3.\tThe user can book appointments at anytime of the day through the website.\n4.\tThey can purchase products anytime of the day.\nOriginal wireframe concepts\n<href =\"image/wireframe1\">\n<href =\"image/wireframe2\">\n<href =\"image/wireframe3\">\n•\tThe original wireframes had more images, and this could be a further development yet the images I had presently I have enclosed. The brightness and professional crisp finish. \n•\tI added the reviews page in additionally; as they have had some awesome reviews and this seemed an opportunity not to miss!\n•\tFrom the original sketches my designs have developed. I used balsamiq as my tool for wireframe, next time I would use adobe xd.\n<href =\"NewProject elegance wireframe.pdf.bmpr\">\nIntentions for the website are:\n•\tThe website will rate higher in google search (assisted through marketing strategy)\n•\tA user feels the website flows and that their user experience is positive.\n•\tThe website gains new customer attention so they use the call to action buttons. This in the future can be monitored.\n•\tIt enables the user to be inspired and to have instant trust to want to use the salon.\n•\tClean, crisp, light and most importantly rememberable!\n•\tI hope the site showcases what I have learnt already and that as I progress, I can return to develop site with new learning and understanding.\n•\tOne intention was to have a form on the site for the client however, the salon does not have policies and procedures for this presently to hold personal data. Also reading on this topic; forms can be a barrier and click throughs are a better user experience.\nSite Interactivity and Features\nTechnologies Used\nThis Project uses the following programming languages\n•\tHTML\n•\tCSS\n•\tBootstap (JQuery)\n•\tGoogle Fonts\n•\tCloud 9 and AWS Cloud 9\n\nBootstrap 4\n•\tBootstrap was used to build a solid and yet simple structure which allowed the site to be responsive easily.\n•\tGoogle Fonts\n•\tGoogle was used for stylising the website fonts as it gave me a great selection to choose from.\n              Web Fundamentals\n•\tMicrosoft Word - I used this product to crop images which I used for my README.md file and draft README file.\n•\tWeb fundamentals – this was used for telephone number link. Adding meta data so modern mobiles browser automatically detect phone numbers and enable click to call. Mobile safari automatically converts phone numbers to links with the associated hyperlink style. This initially has caused some issues that need resolving.\nThe goals for the website are:\n•\tTo provide a website that met the salon owners’ objectives, provided a new and more updated website. That offered service user a good experience and more opportunity to engage online with the salon.\nIdeal site visitors\nThis project is the best way to help them achieve these things because:\nThe website visitors are predominately 40 plus in age and live in the radius of 30 miles. They generally live or work in the area. The salon has a reputation of retaining clients so the focus was for new clients yet offering existing clients a service online too.\nThis website is:\nThe layout of site matches experience of using other sites eg where you expect info in footer etc…\nIt allows clients to book appointments online\nDeployment\nThis project was developed using AWS Cloud9. The data is stored in git using the Cloud9 platform.\nThe project was regularly pushed to GitHub repository https://gristydesigns.github.io/elegance-salon/ and published to GitHub pages using the GitHub settings.\nDeployment to Github/AWS\nThis was the area I struggled with as the course there are differences now that AWS is being used. I have saved and committed yet in the future this is an area I know that I will manage differently now having gone through the process with this milestone. I now have a deep appreciation for labelling clearer. I understand personal management of projects and no being drawn to shiny knew objects of coding!\nThe AWS platform with every 30 mins shut down is challenging to manage.\nI used and configured GitHub Pages. \nTo enable my GitHub Pages to be published, I have a master branch in my repository.\nTo access my GitHub Pages site's repository.\nI used default commands to push to Github such as:\n•\tgit status when checking what needed uploading.\n•\tI used the command -add git . to add my git.\n•\tgit commit -m \"\" with the named update between the quotes for anyone reading what changes I made. A short piece of info helps understand\n•\tthe changes I make.\n•\tgit push -u origin master which then pushes my update and I then need to enter my username and password for security.\nIssues whilst building the site\nThis issues have been:\n•\tTelephone link has caused issues\n•\tI have learnt a great deal on this project\n•\tImage sizing and wrapping text\n•\tCards and margins on pages.\nTesting\n•\tI tested on W3C validator and this showed issues with telephone code initially. The resolve will be to link through the appointment link instead.\n•\tI have tested on firefox browser and all seems to work.\n•\tI tested the website Google Chrome and Safari. I was always using Google Chrome and found no issues when using this browser. \nMedia and Content\nThe text, images have been part of the marketing strategy and are still in their development.\n•\tSome of the images have been taken from the old site, some from social media.\nCode\n•\tI have used code from bootstrap, web fundamentals and the code institute. \n•\t I used google texts, to ensure the text are correct.\n•\tI have used font awesome for icons.\n\nAcknowledgements\nI would like to say thank you to my mentor.\nThe slack community for their passion in supporting me and others, I have realised how much you can learn from other challenges. \nDisclaimer\nThe content of the Website I have produced is for educational purposes at this stage yet with further development the salon may wish to use it.\nHow I would like the website to be perceived:\n•\tI have tried to keep it simple, specialized and yet purposeful. The UNIX way!\n•\tRememberable….\n•\tA site client’s are happy to return to and use again and again…\n\n","undoManager":{"mark":63,"position":85,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":13,"column":13},"action":"remove","lines":["         ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!"],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":155,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["ELEGANCE Hair Salon","•\tElegance Hair salon is based in the market town of Ledbury; it has been running since 2011. Ciaranne the owner had previously commissioned a designer to develop a website; this site no longer fits the business aspirations. I wanted this site to be interactive with Elegance’s social media sites and overall marketing strategy. The customer experience is important and needs to be quick and easy to use. The site needs to offer customers to purchase products and make online appointments.","My page","•\tSix page website enables Elegance to take more advertising space on google; in-conjunction with raising their presence online. This is part of the market strategy and working with ‘google my business’.","•\tFor my first milestone project I wanted to experiment with all the new knowledge I have gained through the Full Stack course. I have used HTML and Bootstrap to design the layout of the website. This is to provide functionality and a responsive design which sits in an HTML shell with added elements of CSS to add styling. When talking with the owner and the customers to their opinion on the development of the site has been the springboard to the website. The customer can book appointments, call the salon and buy products. The products list is an affiliate link for the owner.","Contents","1. UX","•\tProject Design","•\tUser Objects","•\tDevelopers Objects","•\tUser Stories","•\tWireframes","•\tDeployment","•\tTesting","•\tAcknowledgements","2. Site Features","3. Technologies Used","4. Testing","5. Deployment","6. Acknowledgements","7. Disclaimer","Project Design","•\tThe website has been designed around the branding of the salon; they are in the process of developing this within their marketing strategy and the website is the launch of this. Keeping the website crisp and clean with call for action links has been the underpinning intention. The images have also been an important consideration as the salon has developed their knowledge and techniques and have not shared this formally.","Design","•\tMy initial wireframe looked at a jumbotron which would be fixed at the top on all pages; yet as design started to develop this was changed. There is still at top call for action statement and button. My intentions were to show the knowledge and experience the salon can offer to customers and then with ease to contact them to follow this through. Within the salon experience they need to get traffic to contact so that they can convert into clients.","Colours","•\tThe colour scheme was chosen by the owner yet there was some influence when I used the colour palette to have shades that complimented each other.","•\tOriginally a consideration was for a full background images; this was changed as what is needed is for the images to speak for themselves and have the impact they deserve.","Images","•\tEach image used was specifically chosen to showcase that holiday. I chose the idea of images because you instantly know what's represented. whether it's bike riding or shark cage diving. Once an option was chosen, a shadowed grey filter covered the background, so the option chosen stands out at the forefront of the design. It was used to hide the background and add focus. As stated by their new strapline ’Setting the trend’; this has already been tested out as other salons are following their marketing strategy!","Styling","•\tHaving researched other clean, crisps sites; demonstrated having consistency across all pages builds trust and knowledge for user to enable them to surf further. Designers appreciate that there is data that says it is harder to engage users on your sit year by year we flick less; therefore, it is paramount users have an experience they are enjoying; gaining what they require swiftly.","•\tLocation information has been offered through a link; maps can be distracting on a page.","•\tThe hover option is on all buttons for ease for the user knowing where they are on the site.","•\tThe home page has been designed so that when the salon develops Blogs on their ‘Google My Business’ and this can be linked through offering consistency and branding/promotion.","Fonts","•\tFinding a crisp clean font that was recognised by google; Roboto and san serif were the main two. The logo is baldessare and this will be developed further when the salon have designed their logo. This will be used as image; as this font is not common across XXXX.","•\tAs with other elements of the website I tested these out with owner and customer group.","UX","•\tInitially I drew my wireframe on paper.  I worked out the template I wanted across all the pages.","•\tI detailed my ideas and then reflected on these prior to using balsamqi to have a digital version.","•\tI already had many images as I have developed their ‘google my business’ site.","•\tI also knew they were entering a competition so would have further images available yet were unsure what they would be like.","Project Goals","•\tThe six pages have been designed to offer the user the opportunity to gain information with ease and speed. The website has not been developed for the user to have to go through every page unless they wish to do so.","•\tPlacing information on the site where a user knows from prior experience was important, so it felt familiar with the user.","User Objects","•\tThe website has been designed as part of a marketing strategy for the salon to gain new customers; also to offer customers to buy products. ","•\tFor customers unsure what they want to achieve to have the opportunity to look at what the salon offers; then gain opportunity for consultation.","What I wanted the user to gain:","•\tRecognise the salon, especially staff","•\tConsultation opportunity with an expert","•\tInspired to feeling great with ideas","•\tProduct information","•\tImages to promote salon","•\tOpportunity to buy products","“Setting the Trend”:","•\tThis strap line has been developed as part of the website; the development of Instagram has had impact locally. Other have been following suit and the website is to build upon this and continually having Elegance at the top of their game visually. Ledbury is a small market town and it is important for the business have a proactive marketing strategy online to gaining new clients.","Developers Objectives","•\tThe layout to be clean and informative so that navigation is easy.","•\tCall to action to be subtle yet obvious.","•\tThe structure of the programming to have clear structure.","•\tThe layout is formatted in a way that the user can navigate around the site without frustration.","•\tThe layout page applications are HTML, CSS, bootstrap (which includes some JQuery script).","Future plans","•\tFuture plans would be adding FB likes links in the footer.","•\tTo add FB pixel so that through google analytics can provide further information on statistic on site; this will enable the marketing strategy to continually develop and transform the salon. The website is key to this.","User Stories","•\tThe main users are aged 18 and upwards however, their main client group is aged 40 plus:","1.\tThe client group wanted a light, bright website as they felt the other was dull and not inspiring.","2.\tThe six-page website has been used as a market strategy element to get as much advertising space as organically as the salon can.","For the user","1.\tI want them to find the site practical, informative and inspiring. The website must give a clear element of professionalism and trust.","2.\tSeparating the information on different pages allows the ease of information provided.","3.\tThe user can book appointments at anytime of the day through the website.","4.\tThey can purchase products anytime of the day.","Original wireframe concepts","•\tThe original wireframes had more images, and this could be a further development yet the images I had presently I have enclosed. The brightness and professional crisp finish. ","•\tI added the reviews page in additionally; as they have had some awesome reviews and this seemed an opportunity not to miss!","•\tFrom the original sketches my designs have developed. Using web design index series has enabled me to grow my styles and add value to the project.","•\tFull Screen Design","Intentions for the website are:","•\tThe website will rate higher in google search (assisted through marketing strategy)","•\tA user feels the website flows and that their user experience is positive.","•\tThe website gains new customer attention so they use the call to action buttons. This in the future can be monitored.","•\tIt enables the user to be inspired and to have instant trust to want to use the salon.","•\tClean, crisp, light and most importantly rememberable!","•\tI hope the site showcases what I have learnt already and that as I progress, I can return to develop site with new learning and understanding.","•\tOne intention was to have a form on the site for the client however, the salon does not have policies and procedures for this presently to hold personal data. Also reading on this topic; forms can be a barrier and click throughs are a better user experience.","Site Interactivity and Features","Technologies Used","This Project uses the following programming languages","•\tHTML","•\tCSS","•\tBootstap (JQuery)","•\tGoogle Fonts","•\tCloud 9 and AWS Cloud 9","","Bootstrap 4","•\tBootstrap was used to build a solid and yet simple structure which allowed the site to be responsive easily.","•\tGoogle Fonts","•\tGoogle was used for stylising the website fonts as it gave me a great selection to choose from.","              Web Fundamentals","•\tMicrosoft Word - I used this product to crop images which I used for my README.md file and draft README file.","•\tWeb fundamentals – this was used for telephone number link. Adding meta data so modern mobiles browser automatically detect phone numbers and enable click to call. Mobile safari automatically converts phone numbers to links with the associated hyperlink style. This initially has caused some issues that need resolving.","The goals for the website are:","•\tTo provide a website that met the salon owners’ objectives, provided a new and more updated website. That offered service user a good experience and more opportunity to engage online with the salon.","Ideal site visitors","This project is the best way to help them achieve these things because:","The website visitors are predominately 40 plus in age and live in the radius of 30 miles. They generally live or work in the area. The salon has a reputation of retaining clients so the focus was for new clients yet offering existing clients a service online too.","This website is:","The layout of site matches experience of using other sites eg where you expect info in footer etc…","It allows clients to book appointments online","Deployment","This project was developed using AWS Cloud9. The data is stored in git using the Cloud9 platform.","The project was regularly pushed to GitHub repository https://gristydesigns.github.io/elegance-salon/ and published to GitHub pages using the GitHub settings.","Deployment to Github/AWS","This was the area I struggled with as the course there are differences now that AWS is being used. I have saved and committed yet in the future this is an area I know that I will manage differently now having gone through the process with this milestone. I now have a deep appreciation for labelling clearer. I understand personal management of projects and no being drawn to shiny knew objects of coding!","The AWS platform with every 30 mins shut down is challenging to manage.","I used and configured GitHub Pages. ","To enable my GitHub Pages to be published, I have a master branch in my repository.","To access my GitHub Pages site's repository.","I used default commands to push to Github such as:","•\tgit status when checking what needed uploading.","•\tI used the command -add git . to add my git.","•\tgit commit -m \"\" with the named update between the quotes for anyone reading what changes I made. A short piece of info helps understand","•\tthe changes I make.","•\tgit push -u origin master which then pushes my update and I then need to enter my username and password for security.","Issues whilst building the site","This issues have been:","•\tTelephone link has caused issues","•\tI have learnt a great deal on this project","•\tImage sizing and wrapping text","•\tCards and margins on pages.","Testing","•\tI tested on W3C validator and this showed issues with telephone code initially. The resolve will be to link through the appointment link instead.","•\tI have tested on firefox browser and all seems to work.","•\tI tested the website Google Chrome and Safari. I was always using Google Chrome and found no issues when using this browser. ","Media and Content","The text, images have been part of the marketing strategy and are still in their development.","•\tSome of the images have been taken from the old site, some from social media.","Code","•\tI have used code from bootstrap, web fundamentals and the code institute. ","•\t I used google texts, to ensure the text are correct.","•\tI have used font awesome for icons.","","Acknowledgements","I'd like to say thank you to my mentor.","The slack community for their passion in supporting me and others, I have realised how much you can learn from other challenges. ","Disclaimer","The content of the Website I have produced is for educational purposes at this stage yet with further development the salon may wish to use it.","How I’d like the website to be perceived:","•\tI have tried to keep it simple, specialized and yet purposeful. The UNIX way!","•\tRememberable….","•\tA site client’s are happy to return to and use again and again…",""],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":151,"column":6},"end":{"row":151,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":["d"],"id":4},{"start":{"row":151,"column":5},"end":{"row":151,"column":6},"action":"remove","lines":["’"]}],[{"start":{"row":151,"column":5},"end":{"row":151,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":5},{"start":{"row":151,"column":6},"end":{"row":151,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":151,"column":7},"end":{"row":151,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":151,"column":8},"end":{"row":151,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":151,"column":9},"end":{"row":151,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":151,"column":10},"end":{"row":151,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":147,"column":2},"end":{"row":147,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["d"],"id":6},{"start":{"row":147,"column":1},"end":{"row":147,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["'"]}],[{"start":{"row":147,"column":1},"end":{"row":147,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":7},{"start":{"row":147,"column":2},"end":{"row":147,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":147,"column":3},"end":{"row":147,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":147,"column":4},"end":{"row":147,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":147,"column":5},"end":{"row":147,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":147,"column":6},"end":{"row":147,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":147,"column":28},"end":{"row":147,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":["u"],"id":8},{"start":{"row":147,"column":27},"end":{"row":147,"column":28},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":147,"column":26},"end":{"row":147,"column":27},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":147,"column":26},"end":{"row":147,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["y"],"id":9},{"start":{"row":147,"column":27},"end":{"row":147,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":147,"column":28},"end":{"row":147,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]}],[{"start":{"row":76,"column":27},"end":{"row":77,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":10}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":0},"end":{"row":77,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["<"],"id":11},{"start":{"row":77,"column":1},"end":{"row":77,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":2},"end":{"row":77,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":3},"end":{"row":77,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":4},"end":{"row":77,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":5},"end":{"row":77,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["="],"id":12}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":6},"end":{"row":77,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["\"\""],"id":13}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":7},"end":{"row":77,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["w"],"id":14},{"start":{"row":77,"column":8},"end":{"row":77,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":9},"end":{"row":77,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":10},"end":{"row":77,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":11},"end":{"row":77,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":12},"end":{"row":77,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":13},"end":{"row":77,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":14},"end":{"row":77,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["m"],"id":15},{"start":{"row":77,"column":15},"end":{"row":77,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":16},"end":{"row":77,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["1"],"id":16}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":7},"end":{"row":77,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":17}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":7},"end":{"row":77,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":18},{"start":{"row":77,"column":8},"end":{"row":77,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":9},"end":{"row":77,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":10},"end":{"row":77,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":11},"end":{"row":77,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":77,"column":12},"end":{"row":77,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":25},"end":{"row":77,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[">"],"id":19}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":26},"end":{"row":78,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":20},{"start":{"row":78,"column":0},"end":{"row":78,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["<"]}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":1},"end":{"row":78,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["h"],"id":21},{"start":{"row":78,"column":2},"end":{"row":78,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":3},"end":{"row":78,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":4},"end":{"row":78,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":5},"end":{"row":78,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":22},{"start":{"row":78,"column":6},"end":{"row":78,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["="]}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":5},"end":{"row":77,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":23}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":7},"end":{"row":78,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["\"\""],"id":24}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":8},"end":{"row":78,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":25},{"start":{"row":78,"column":9},"end":{"row":78,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":10},"end":{"row":78,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":11},"end":{"row":78,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":12},"end":{"row":78,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":13},"end":{"row":78,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":14},"end":{"row":78,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":26},{"start":{"row":78,"column":15},"end":{"row":78,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":16},"end":{"row":78,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":17},"end":{"row":78,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":18},"end":{"row":78,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":19},"end":{"row":78,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":20},"end":{"row":78,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":27},{"start":{"row":78,"column":21},"end":{"row":78,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":22},"end":{"row":78,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":78,"column":23},"end":{"row":78,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":24},"end":{"row":78,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["2"],"id":28}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":26},"end":{"row":78,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":[">"],"id":29}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":27},"end":{"row":79,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":30},{"start":{"row":79,"column":0},"end":{"row":79,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["<"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":1},"end":{"row":79,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["h"],"id":31},{"start":{"row":79,"column":2},"end":{"row":79,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":3},"end":{"row":79,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":4},"end":{"row":79,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":5},"end":{"row":79,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":32},{"start":{"row":79,"column":6},"end":{"row":79,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["="]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":7},"end":{"row":79,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["\"\""],"id":33}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":8},"end":{"row":79,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":34},{"start":{"row":79,"column":9},"end":{"row":79,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":10},"end":{"row":79,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":11},"end":{"row":79,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":12},"end":{"row":79,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":13},"end":{"row":79,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":77,"column":13},"end":{"row":77,"column":14},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":35}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":13},"end":{"row":78,"column":14},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":36}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":13},"end":{"row":79,"column":14},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":37}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":13},"end":{"row":79,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":38},{"start":{"row":79,"column":14},"end":{"row":79,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":15},"end":{"row":79,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":39},{"start":{"row":79,"column":16},"end":{"row":79,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":17},"end":{"row":79,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":18},"end":{"row":79,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":19},"end":{"row":79,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":20},"end":{"row":79,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":21},"end":{"row":79,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":22},"end":{"row":79,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":23},"end":{"row":79,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["3"],"id":40}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":25},"end":{"row":79,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[">"],"id":41}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":26},"end":{"row":80,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":42}],[{"start":{"row":80,"column":0},"end":{"row":81,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":43}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":19},"end":{"row":83,"column":20},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":44},{"start":{"row":83,"column":18},"end":{"row":83,"column":19},"action":"remove","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":17},"end":{"row":83,"column":18},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":16},"end":{"row":83,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":15},"end":{"row":83,"column":16},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":14},"end":{"row":83,"column":15},"action":"remove","lines":["D"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":13},"end":{"row":83,"column":14},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":12},"end":{"row":83,"column":13},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":11},"end":{"row":83,"column":12},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":10},"end":{"row":83,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":9},"end":{"row":83,"column":10},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":8},"end":{"row":83,"column":9},"action":"remove","lines":["c"],"id":45},{"start":{"row":83,"column":7},"end":{"row":83,"column":8},"action":"remove","lines":["S"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":6},"end":{"row":83,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":5},"end":{"row":83,"column":6},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":4},"end":{"row":83,"column":5},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":3},"end":{"row":83,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":2},"end":{"row":83,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["F"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":1},"end":{"row":83,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["\t"],"id":46},{"start":{"row":83,"column":0},"end":{"row":83,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["•"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":0},"end":{"row":83,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["<"],"id":47},{"start":{"row":83,"column":1},"end":{"row":83,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":2},"end":{"row":83,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":3},"end":{"row":83,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":4},"end":{"row":83,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":5},"end":{"row":83,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":48},{"start":{"row":83,"column":6},"end":{"row":83,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["="]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":7},"end":{"row":83,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["\"\""],"id":49}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":8},"end":{"row":83,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":50}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":8},"end":{"row":83,"column":9},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":51}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":8},"end":{"row":83,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["N"],"id":52},{"start":{"row":83,"column":9},"end":{"row":83,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":10},"end":{"row":83,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":11},"end":{"row":83,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["P"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":12},"end":{"row":83,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":53},{"start":{"row":83,"column":13},"end":{"row":83,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":14},"end":{"row":83,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["j"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":15},"end":{"row":83,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":16},"end":{"row":83,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":17},"end":{"row":83,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":18},"end":{"row":83,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":54},{"start":{"row":83,"column":19},"end":{"row":83,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":20},"end":{"row":83,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":21},"end":{"row":83,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":22},"end":{"row":83,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":23},"end":{"row":83,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":24},"end":{"row":83,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":25},"end":{"row":83,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":26},"end":{"row":83,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":55}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":27},"end":{"row":83,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":56},{"start":{"row":83,"column":28},"end":{"row":83,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":29},"end":{"row":83,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":30},"end":{"row":83,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":31},"end":{"row":83,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":32},"end":{"row":83,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":33},"end":{"row":83,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":34},"end":{"row":83,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":35},"end":{"row":83,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["m"],"id":57},{"start":{"row":83,"column":36},"end":{"row":83,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":37},"end":{"row":83,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":58},{"start":{"row":83,"column":38},"end":{"row":83,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":39},"end":{"row":83,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":40},"end":{"row":83,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["f"],"id":59},{"start":{"row":83,"column":41},"end":{"row":83,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":42},"end":{"row":83,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":60},{"start":{"row":83,"column":43},"end":{"row":83,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":44},"end":{"row":83,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":45},"end":{"row":83,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":47},"end":{"row":83,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":[">"],"id":61}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["<"],"id":62},{"start":{"row":0,"column":1},"end":{"row":0,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":2},"end":{"row":0,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":3},"end":{"row":0,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":4},"end":{"row":0,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":5},"end":{"row":0,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":6},"end":{"row":0,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":7},"end":{"row":0,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":[">"],"id":63}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":27},"end":{"row":0,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["<"],"id":64},{"start":{"row":0,"column":28},"end":{"row":0,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["/"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":29},"end":{"row":0,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":30},"end":{"row":0,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":31},"end":{"row":0,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":32},"end":{"row":0,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":33},"end":{"row":0,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":34},"end":{"row":0,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["g"],"id":65},{"start":{"row":0,"column":35},"end":{"row":0,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":[">"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["U"],"id":66},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["g"],"id":67},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["j"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":56},"end":{"row":82,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["I"],"id":68}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":57},"end":{"row":82,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":69},{"start":{"row":82,"column":58},"end":{"row":82,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":59},"end":{"row":82,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":60},"end":{"row":82,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":61},"end":{"row":82,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":62},"end":{"row":82,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":70},{"start":{"row":82,"column":63},"end":{"row":82,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":64},"end":{"row":82,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":65},"end":{"row":82,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":66},"end":{"row":82,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":71},{"start":{"row":82,"column":67},"end":{"row":82,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":68},"end":{"row":82,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["m"],"id":72},{"start":{"row":82,"column":69},"end":{"row":82,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":70},"end":{"row":82,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["q"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":71},"end":{"row":82,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":73},{"start":{"row":82,"column":72},"end":{"row":82,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":73},"end":{"row":82,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":74},"end":{"row":82,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":74},{"start":{"row":82,"column":75},"end":{"row":82,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":76},"end":{"row":82,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":77},"end":{"row":82,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":75},{"start":{"row":82,"column":78},"end":{"row":82,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":79},"end":{"row":82,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":80},"end":{"row":82,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":81},"end":{"row":82,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":82},"end":{"row":82,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":76},{"start":{"row":82,"column":83},"end":{"row":82,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":84},"end":{"row":82,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":85},"end":{"row":82,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":86},"end":{"row":82,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":77},{"start":{"row":82,"column":87},"end":{"row":82,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":88},"end":{"row":82,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":89},"end":{"row":82,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":90},"end":{"row":82,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":91},"end":{"row":82,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":92},"end":{"row":82,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":93},"end":{"row":82,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":94},"end":{"row":82,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":95},"end":{"row":82,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":96},"end":{"row":82,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":[","],"id":78}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":97},"end":{"row":82,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":79},{"start":{"row":82,"column":98},"end":{"row":82,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":99},"end":{"row":82,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":100},"end":{"row":82,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":101},"end":{"row":82,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":102},"end":{"row":82,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":80},{"start":{"row":82,"column":103},"end":{"row":82,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":104},"end":{"row":82,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":105},"end":{"row":82,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":106},"end":{"row":82,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":107},"end":{"row":82,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":81},{"start":{"row":82,"column":108},"end":{"row":82,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":109},"end":{"row":82,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":82},{"start":{"row":82,"column":110},"end":{"row":82,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":111},"end":{"row":82,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":112},"end":{"row":82,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":113},"end":{"row":82,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":114},"end":{"row":82,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":115},"end":{"row":82,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":83},{"start":{"row":82,"column":116},"end":{"row":82,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":117},"end":{"row":82,"column":118},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":118},"end":{"row":82,"column":119},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":119},"end":{"row":82,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":84},{"start":{"row":82,"column":120},"end":{"row":82,"column":121},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":121},"end":{"row":82,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":122},"end":{"row":82,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":123},"end":{"row":82,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":124},"end":{"row":82,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":125},"end":{"row":82,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":126},"end":{"row":82,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":125},"end":{"row":82,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":85}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":108},"end":{"row":82,"column":109},"action":"remove","lines":["i"],"id":86}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":108},"end":{"row":82,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["I"],"id":87}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":1080,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":84,"column":31},"end":{"row":84,"column":31},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":76,"state":"listblock","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1568662170409}